---
title: "iOS 18.0.1 and iPadOS 18.0.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/121373"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/121373)

About the security content of iOS 18.0.1 and iPadOS 18.0.1
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 18.0.1 and iPadOS 18.0.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](/en-us/100100) page.

iOS 18.0.1 and iPadOS 18.0.1
----------------------------

Released October 03, 2024

### Media Session

Available for: iPhone 16 (all models)

Impact: Audio messages in Messages may be able to capture a few seconds of audio before the microphone indicator is activated

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2024-44207: Michael Jimenez and an anonymous researcher

### Passwords

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 13-inch, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 3rd generation and later, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 7th generation and later, and iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: A user's saved passwords may be read aloud by VoiceOver

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved validation.

CVE-2024-44204: Bistrit Dahal

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: October 03, 2024
