---
title: "iPadOS 17.7.5"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/122173"
  platforms: ["iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/122173)

About the security content of iPadOS 17.7.5
===========================================

This document describes the security content of iPadOS 17.7.5.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](/en-us/102549) page.

iPadOS 17.7.5
-------------

Released February 10, 2025

### Accessibility

Available for: iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2nd generation, iPad Pro 10.5-inch, and iPad 6th generation

Impact: A physical attack may disable USB Restricted Mode on a locked device. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals.

Description: An authorization issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2025-24200: Bill Marczak of The Citizen Lab at The University of Toronto’s Munk School

### Messages

Available for: iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2nd generation, iPad Pro 10.5-inch, and iPad 6th generation

Impact: A logic issue existed when processing a maliciously crafted photo or video shared via an iCloud Link. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals.

Description: This issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2025-43200: Apple

Entry added June 11, 2025

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: June 12, 2025
