---
title: "iOS 18.4.1 and iPadOS 18.4.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/122282"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/122282"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/122282)

About the security content of iOS 18.4.1 and iPadOS 18.4.1
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 18.4.1 and iPadOS 18.4.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](/en-us/100100) page.

iOS 18.4.1 and iPadOS 18.4.1
----------------------------

Released April 16, 2025

### CoreAudio

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 13-inch, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 3rd generation and later, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 7th generation and later, and iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: Processing an audio stream in a maliciously crafted media file may result in code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals on iOS.

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved bounds checking.

CVE-2025-31200: Apple and Google Threat Analysis Group

### RPAC

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 13-inch, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 3rd generation and later, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 7th generation and later, and iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: An attacker with arbitrary read and write capability may be able to bypass Pointer Authentication. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals on iOS.

Description: This issue was addressed by removing the vulnerable code.

CVE-2025-31201: Apple

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: April 18, 2025
