---
title: "Background Security Improvements for iOS, iPadOS, and macOS"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/126604"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/126604"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS", "macOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126604)

About the security content of Background Security Improvements for iOS 26.3.1, iPadOS 26.3.1, macOS 26.3.1, and macOS 26.3.2
============================================================================================================================

This document describes the content of Background Security Improvements.

About Background Security Improvements
--------------------------------------

Background Security Improvements deliver important security improvements between software updates and are available only for the latest versions of iOS, iPadOS, and macOS. Learn more about [Background Security Improvements](/en-us/102657). Releases for which we publish security advisories are also included on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

iOS 26.3.1 (a), iPadOS 26.3.1 (a), macOS 26.3.1 (a), macOS 26.3.2 (a)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Released March 17, 2026

### **WebKit**

Available for: iOS 26.3.1, iPadOS 26.3.1, macOS 26.3.1, macOS 26.3.2

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may bypass Same Origin Policy

Description: A cross-origin issue in the Navigation API was addressed with improved input validation.

WebKit Bugzilla: 306050

CVE-2026-20643: Thomas Espach

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: March 17, 2026
