---
title: "Xcode 26.4"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/126801"
  platforms: ["Xcode"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126801)

About the security content of Xcode 26.4
========================================

This document describes the security content of Xcode 26.4.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](/en-us/102549) page.

Xcode 26.4
----------

Released March 24, 2026

### otool

Available for: macOS Tahoe 26.2 and later

Impact: An app may be able to cause unexpected system termination

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking.

CVE-2026-28890: Nathaniel Oh (@calysteon)

### Simulator

Available for: macOS Tahoe 26.2 and later

Impact: An app may be able to read arbitrary files as root

Description: A permissions issue was addressed with additional restrictions.

CVE-2026-28889: Mihai Marin

Additional recognition
----------------------

### Dev Tools

We would like to acknowledge Nathaniel Oh (@calysteon) for their assistance.

### otool

We would like to acknowledge Eddy T for their assistance.

### Swift

We would like to acknowledge Banavath Aravind for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: March 24, 2026
