---
title: "watchOS 5.3.9"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211945"
  platforms: ["watchOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211945)

About the security content of watchOS 5.3.9
===========================================

This document describes the security content of watchOS 5.3.9.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

watchOS 5.3.9
-------------

Released November 5, 2020

**FontParser**

Available for: Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 3, and Apple Watch Series 4 when paired to an iPhone with iOS 12 installed

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted font may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of reports that an exploit for this issue exists in the wild.

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2020-27930: Google Project Zero

**Kernel**

Available for: Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 3, and Apple Watch Series 4 when paired to an iPhone with iOS 12 installed

Impact: A malicious application may be able to disclose kernel memory. Apple is aware of reports that an exploit for this issue exists in the wild.

Description: A memory initialization issue was addressed.

CVE-2020-27950: Google Project Zero

**Kernel**

Available for: Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 3, and Apple Watch Series 4 when paired to an iPhone with iOS 12 installed

Impact: A malicious application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. Apple is aware of reports that an exploit for this issue exists in the wild.

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved state handling.

CVE-2020-27932: Google Project Zero

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 02, 2023
