---
title: "Safari 16.5"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213762"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213762"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213762)

About the security content of Safari 16.5
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 16.5.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 16.5
-----------

Released May 18, 2023

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing web content may disclose sensitive information

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation.

WebKit Bugzilla: 255075

CVE-2023-32402: Ignacio Sanmillan (@ulexec)

Entry updated December 21, 2023

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing web content may disclose sensitive information

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 254781

CVE-2023-32423: Ignacio Sanmillan (@ulexec)

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: A remote attacker may be able to break out of Web Content sandbox. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: The issue was addressed with improved bounds checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 255350

CVE-2023-32409: Clément Lecigne of Google's Threat Analysis Group and Donncha Ó Cearbhaill of Amnesty International’s Security Lab

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing web content may disclose sensitive information. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved input validation.

WebKit Bugzilla: 254930

CVE-2023-28204: an anonymous researcher

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: A use-after-free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 254840

CVE-2023-32373: an anonymous researcher

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: June 19, 2024
