---
title: "Safari 16.3"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213600"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213600)

About the security content of Safari 16.3
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 16.3.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 16.3
-----------

Released January 23, 2023

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 245464

CVE-2023-23496: ChengGang Wu, Yan Kang, YuHao Hu, Yue Sun, Jiming Wang, JiKai Ren and Hang Shu of Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 248268

CVE-2023-23518: YeongHyeon Choi (@hyeon101010), Hyeon Park (@tree\_segment), SeOk JEON (@\_seokjeon), YoungSung Ahn (@\_ZeroSung), JunSeo Bae (@snakebjs0107), Dohyun Lee (@l33d0hyun) of Team ApplePIE

WebKit Bugzilla: 248268

CVE-2023-23517: YeongHyeon Choi (@hyeon101010), Hyeon Park (@tree\_segment), SeOk JEON (@\_seokjeon), YoungSung Ahn (@\_ZeroSung), JunSeo Bae (@snakebjs0107), Dohyun Lee (@l33d0hyun) of Team ApplePIE

Additional recognition
----------------------

### WebKit

We would like to acknowledge Eliya Stein of Confiant for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: August 19, 2024
