---
title: "macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update, macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT212177"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT212177"
  platforms: ["macOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT212177)

About the security content of macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update, and macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002
=================================================================================================================================================

This document describes the security content of macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update, and macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

macOS Big Sur 11.2.1, macOS Catalina 10.15.7 Supplemental Update\*, macOS Mojave 10.14.6 Security Update 2021-002
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Released February 9, 2021

**Intel Graphics Driver**

Available for: macOS Big Sur 11.2, macOS Catalina 10.15.7

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: An out-of-bounds write was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2021-1805: ABC Research s.r.o. working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

**Intel Graphics Driver**

Available for: macOS Big Sur 11.2, macOS Catalina 10.15.7

Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: A race condition was addressed with additional validation.

CVE-2021-1806: ABC Research s.r.o. working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

**Sudo**

Available for: macOS Big Sur 11.2, macOS Catalina 10.15.7, macOS Mojave 10.14.6

Impact: A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges

Description: This issue was addressed by updating to sudo version 1.9.5p2.

CVE-2021-3156: Qualys

\* After installing this update, the build number for macOS Catalina 10.15.7 is 19H524.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 02, 2023
