---
title: "Safari 16"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213442"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213442"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213442)

About the security content of Safari 16
=======================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 16.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 16
---------

Released September 12, 2022

**Safari Extensions**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: A website may be able to track users through Safari web extensions

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 242278

CVE-2022-32868: Michael

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 241969

CVE-2022-32886: P1umer, afang5472, xmzyshypnc

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking.

WebKit Bugzilla: 242762

CVE-2022-32912: Jeonghoon Shin (@singi21a) at Theori working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Visiting a website that frames malicious content may lead to UI spoofing

Description: The issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 243236

CVE-2022-32891: @real\_as3617 and an anonymous researcher

Entry updated October 27, 2022

**WebKit Sandboxing**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: A sandboxed process may be able to circumvent sandbox restrictions

Description: An access issue was addressed with improvements to the sandbox.

WebKit Bugzilla: 243181

CVE-2022-32892: @18楼梦想改造家 and @jq0904 of DBAppSecurity's WeBin lab

Entry added October 27, 2022

**WebKit Storage**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: An app may be able to bypass Privacy preferences

Description: The issue was addressed with improved handling of caches.

CVE-2022-32833: Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security, Jeff Johnson

Entry added December 22, 2022

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 05, 2023
