---
title: "Safari 14.0"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211845"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211845"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211845)

About the security content of Safari 14.0
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 14.0.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 14.0
-----------

Released September 16, 2020

**Safari**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave, and included in macOS Big Sur

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: The issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

CVE-2020-9993: Masato Sugiyama (@smasato) of University of Tsukuba, Piotr Duszynski

Entry added November 12, 2020

**Safari**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave, and included in macOS Big Sur

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar spoofing

Description: An inconsistent user interface issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2020-9987: Rafay Baloch (cybercitadel.com) of Cyber Citadel

Entry added November 12, 2020

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

CVE-2020-9948: Brendan Draper (@6r3nd4n) working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave, and included in macOS Big Sur

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

CVE-2020-9947: cc working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9950: cc working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

CVE-2020-9951: Marcin 'Icewall' Noga of Cisco Talos

Entry updated November 12, 2020

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a cross site scripting attack

Description: An input validation issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2020-9952: Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com)

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Catalina and macOS Mojave

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved bounds checking.

CVE-2020-9983: zhunki

Additional recognition
----------------------

**Safari**

We would like to acknowledge @PaulosYibelo of Limehats, Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com) for their assistance.

Entry added November 12, 2020

**Safari Reader**

We would like to acknowledge Zhiyang Zeng(@Wester) of OPPO ZIWU Security Lab for their assistance.

Entry added November 12, 2020

**WebKit**

We would like to acknowledge Pawel Wylecial of REDTEAM.PL, Ryan Pickren (ryanpickren.com), Tsubasa FUJII (@reinforchu), Zhiyang Zeng(@Wester) of OPPO ZIWU Security Lab for their assistance.

Entry added November 12, 2020

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: October 31, 2023
