---
title: "iOS 16.3.1 and iPadOS 16.3.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213635"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213635)

About the security content of iOS 16.3.1 and iPadOS 16.3.1
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 16.3.1 and iPadOS 16.3.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

iOS 16.3.1 and iPadOS 16.3.1
----------------------------

Released February 13, 2023

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 5th generation and later, and iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: An app may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

CVE-2023-23514: Xinru Chi of Pangu Lab, Ned Williamson of Google Project Zero

**Security**

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted certificate may lead to a denial-of-service

Description: A denial-of-service issue was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2023-23524: David Benjamin of Google Chrome

Entry added February 20, 2023

**WebKit**

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 251944

CVE-2023-23529: an anonymous researcher

Additional recognition
----------------------

We would like to acknowledge The Citizen Lab at The University of Toronto’s Munk School for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: October 31, 2023
