---
title: "iOS 17.0.1 and iPadOS 17.0.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213926"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213926)

About the security content of iOS 17.0.1 and iPadOS 17.0.1
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 17.0.1 and iPadOS 17.0.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

iOS 17.0.1 and iPadOS 17.0.1
----------------------------

Released September 21, 2023

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2nd generation and later, iPad Pro 10.5-inch, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: A local attacker may be able to elevate their privileges. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS before iOS 16.7.

Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.

CVE-2023-41992: Bill Marczak of The Citizen Lab at The University of Toronto's Munk School and Maddie Stone of Google's Threat Analysis Group

**Security**

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2nd generation and later, iPad Pro 10.5-inch, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: A malicious app may be able to bypass signature validation. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS before iOS 16.7.

Description: A certificate validation issue was addressed.

CVE-2023-41991: Bill Marczak of The Citizen Lab at The University of Toronto's Munk School and Maddie Stone of Google's Threat Analysis Group

**WebKit**

Available for: iPhone XS and later, iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2nd generation and later, iPad Pro 10.5-inch, iPad Pro 11-inch 1st generation and later, iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: Processing web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS before iOS 16.7.

Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 261544

CVE-2023-41993: Bill Marczak of The Citizen Lab at The University of Toronto's Munk School and Maddie Stone of Google's Threat Analysis Group

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 15, 2023
