---
title: "iOS 16.5.1 and iPadOS 16.5.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213814"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213814)

About the security content of iOS 16.5.1 and iPadOS 16.5.1
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 16.5.1 and iPadOS 16.5.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

iOS 16.5.1 and iPadOS 16.5.1
----------------------------

Released June 21, 2023

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: An app may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS released before iOS 15.7.

Description: An integer overflow was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2023-32434: Georgy Kucherin (@kucher1n), Leonid Bezvershenko (@bzvr\_), Boris Larin (@oct0xor), and Valentin Pashkov of Kaspersky

Entry updated August 1, 2023

**WebKit**

Available for: iPhone 8 and later, iPad Pro (all models), iPad Air 3rd generation and later, iPad 5th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 256567

CVE-2023-32439: an anonymous researcher

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 06, 2023
