---
title: "iOS 15.7.7 and iPadOS 15.7.7"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213811"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213811)

About the security content of iOS 15.7.7 and iPadOS 15.7.7
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 15.7.7 and iPadOS 15.7.7.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

iOS 15.7.7 and iPadOS 15.7.7
----------------------------

Released June 21, 2023

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An app may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS released before iOS 15.7.

Description: An integer overflow was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2023-32434: Georgy Kucherin (@kucher1n), Leonid Bezvershenko (@bzvr\_), Boris Larin (@oct0xor), and Valentin Pashkov of Kaspersky

Entry updated August 1, 2023

**WebKit**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited.

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 256567

CVE-2023-32439: an anonymous researcher

**WebKit**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: Processing web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of iOS released before iOS 15.7.

Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved state management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 251890

CVE-2023-32435: Georgy Kucherin (@kucher1n), Leonid Bezvershenko (@bzvr\_), Boris Larin (@oct0xor), and Valentin Pashkov of Kaspersky

Entry updated August 1, 2023

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: December 15, 2023
