---
title: "Xcode 13.3"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213189"
  platforms: ["Xcode"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213189)

About the security content of Xcode 13.3
========================================

This document describes the security content of Xcode 13.3.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Xcode 13.3
----------

Released March 14, 2022

**iTMSTransporter**

Available for: macOS Monterey 12 and later

Impact: Multiple issues in iTMSTransporter

Description: Multiple issues were addressed with updating FasterXML jackson-databind and Apache Log4j2.

CVE-2019-14379

CVE-2021-44228

**otool**

Available for: macOS Monterey 12 and later

Impact: Opening a maliciously crafted file may lead to unexpected application termination or arbitrary code execution

Description: An out-of-bounds read was addressed with improved bounds checking.

CVE-2022-22601: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22602: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22603: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22604: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22605: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22606: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22607: hjy79425575

CVE-2022-22608: hjy79425575

Additional recognition
----------------------

**iTMSTransporter**

We would like to acknowledge Anthony Shaw of Microsoft for their assistance.

**ld64**

We would like to acknowledge Pan ZhenPeng (@Peterpan0927) of Alibaba Security Pandora Lab for their assistance.

**Xcode IDE**

We would like to acknowledge Yiğit Can YILMAZ (@yilmazcanyigit) for their assistance.

Entry updated September 16, 2022

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 05, 2023
