---
title: "iOS 15.7.3 and iPadOS 15.7.3"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213598"
  platforms: ["iOS", "iPadOS"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213598)

About the security content of iOS 15.7.3 and iPadOS 15.7.3
==========================================================

This document describes the security content of iOS 15.7.3 and iPadOS 15.7.3.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

iOS 15.7.3 and iPadOS 15.7.3
----------------------------

Released January 23, 2023

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An app may be able to leak sensitive kernel state

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

CVE-2023-23500: Pan ZhenPeng (@Peterpan0927) of STAR Labs SG Pte. Ltd. (@starlabs\_sg)

**Kernel**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An app may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

CVE-2023-23504: Adam Doupé of ASU SEFCOM

**Mail Exchange**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: The quoted original message may be selected from the wrong email when forwarding an email from an Exchange account

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2023-23498: Jose Lizandro Luevano

Entry updated March 16, 2023

**Maps**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An app may be able to bypass Privacy preferences

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2023-23503: Adam M.

Entry updated May 31, 2024

**Screen Time**

Available for: iPhone 6s (all models), iPhone 7 (all models), iPhone SE (1st generation), iPad Air 2, iPad mini (4th generation), and iPod touch (7th generation)

Impact: An app may be able to access information about a user’s contacts

Description: A privacy issue was addressed with improved private data redaction for log entries.

CVE-2023-23505: Wojciech Regula of SecuRing (wojciechregula.blog) and Csaba Fitzl (@theevilbit) of Offensive Security

Entry updated March 16, 2023

Additional recognition
----------------------

**Kernel**

We would like to acknowledge Nick Stenning of Replicate for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: June 21, 2024
