---
title: "Safari 15.3"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213058"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213058)

About the security content of Safari 15.3
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 15.3.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 15.3
-----------

Released January 26, 2022

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Catalina

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

CVE-2022-22590: Toan Pham from Team Orca of Sea Security (security.sea.com)

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Catalina

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may prevent Content Security Policy from being enforced

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

CVE-2022-22592: Prakash (@1lastBr3ath)

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Catalina

Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted mail message may lead to running arbitrary javascript

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization.

CVE-2022-22589: Heige of KnownSec 404 Team (knownsec.com) and Bo Qu of Palo Alto Networks (paloaltonetworks.com)

**WebKit Storage**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Catalina

Impact: A website may be able to track sensitive user information

Description: A cross-origin issue in the IndexDB API was addressed with improved input validation.

CVE-2022-22594: Martin Bajanik of FingerprintJS

Additional recognition
----------------------

**WebKit**

We would like to acknowledge Prakash (@1lastBr3ath) for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: November 06, 2023
