---
title: "Safari 16.1"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213495"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213495"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT213495)

About the security content of Safari 16.1
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 16.1.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security updates](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](http://cve.mitre.org/about/) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201220) page.

Safari 16.1
-----------

Released October 24, 2022

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 246669

CVE-2022-42826: Francisco Alonso (@revskills)

Entry added December 22, 2022

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to user interface spoofing

Description: The issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 243693

CVE-2022-42799: Jihwan Kim (@gPayl0ad), Dohyun Lee (@l33d0hyun)

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 244622

CVE-2022-42823: Dohyun Lee (@l33d0hyun) of SSD Labs

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose sensitive user information

Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved state management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 245058

CVE-2022-42824: Abdulrahman Alqabandi of Microsoft Browser Vulnerability Research, Ryan Shin of IAAI SecLab at Korea University, Dohyun Lee (@l33d0hyun) of DNSLab at Korea University

**WebKit**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose internal states of the app

Description: A correctness issue in the JIT was addressed with improved checks.

WebKit Bugzilla: 242964

CVE-2022-32923: Wonyoung Jung (@nonetype\_pwn) of KAIST Hacking Lab

Entry added October 27, 2022

**WebKit PDF**

Available for: macOS Big Sur and macOS Monterey

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution

Description: A use after free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 242781

CVE-2022-32922: Yonghwi Jin (@jinmo123) at Theori working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative

Additional recognition
----------------------

**WebKit**

We would like to acknowledge Maddie Stone of Google Project Zero, Narendra Bhati (@imnarendrabhati) of Suma Soft Pvt. Ltd., an anonymous researcher for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: June 12, 2024
